Esxi (#179)
3mdeb/news-and-ideas: blog/content/post/2020-01-03-esxi-67-boot-issue.md

versions 6.7 and 6.5, so this probably is different issue altogether.

## Symptoms

For older firmware versions, boot process hanged at:

```
<6>Loading /vsanmgmt.v00
<6>Loading /tools.t00
<6>Loading /xorg.v00
<6>Loading /imgdb.tgz
<6>Loading /imgpayld.tgz
<6>Shutting down firmware services...
```

This changed to reboot in newer versions of coreboot:

```
<6>Loading /vsanheal.v00
<6>Loading /vsanmgmt.v00
<6>Loading /tools.t00
<6>Loading /xorg.v00
<6>Loading /imgdb.tgz
<6>Loading /imgpayld.tgz
<6>Shutting down firmware services..PC Engines apu2
coreboot build 20190304
BIOS version v4.9.0.4
SVI2 Wait completion disabled
```

This happens before kernel is even started, in bootloader. This stage of
bootloader is in `mboot.c32` on the installation medium.

## Different versions of mboot.c32

File with this name is a part of [SYSLINUX](https://wiki.syslinux.org/wiki/index.php?title=Mboot.c32).
It is responsible for loading images using Multiboot specification. During our
research, we tried to use `mboot.c32` from different versions of SYSLINUX.

ESXi uses its own version, which implements Mutiboot (we first though that this

> is a typo, but it isn't) protocol. As the name suggests, it is a mutated variant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is a typo, but apparently it's not) protocol. As the name suggests, it is a mutated variant
```

Reviewer: @krystian-hebel not fixed yet
